And The Last Lecture we learn how we can fire an event and then it doesn't really work the way we wanted
to work.
Instead we should embrace react J.S. components to compose our application because components allow
us to write our app in a very lean and well maintainable way.
And then we will also learn how with components we can fix this issue of having to call re-act Don render
multiple times on our own.
So let's refactor this code to create a component and there actually are two ways of creating components.
Just writing a function which then makes up a component or using the ESX class statement.
We will see both.
I will start with the function though.
Now we already have a function here but that really doesn't help us here.
So I will create a new function at the top and I will name this function app.
You don't have to name it but it is a good convention.
You name your root component where you will nest all over components you may eventually have an app
and it definitely is a good command.
You should follow to have a capital start in character DA here.
So that's my app function and this function needs to be one thing it needs to return the genius X we
want to render to the DOM.
So we need to return basically what we set up here in the element.
This code here just structured it a bit differently to make it look nicer.
So that is what we need to return in there.
Does GSX code with that I can remove the change name function.
For now it won't work anyway so I'll remove to click Lisner here too and I will keep the name for now.
Put it in front of the function here.
Remove that element down there and keep react on the render.
However here I don't want to re-enter the element.
I don't have that anymore.
Instead And now that's nice syntax I will use my app like a HVM element a self-closing element and this
is a feature provided by react by Julius X..
This is how we can use our function as a component.
Again the thing we want to use as a component like this needs to return some j as X code or some code
which can be used to well create our dorm in the end.
If I had control ENTRAR Now you Zied updates and it looks like before the button would work.
But now we're using our first basic component.
Now let's learn more about this component before we make this spot of work again.